Add troubleshooting reject unknown headers (#5117)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Release_Notes/topics/foreman.adoc

== Upgrade warnings

//If there are upgrade warnings, comment out the following line:
ifndef::containerized[]
There are no upgrade warnings with Foreman {ProjectVersion}.
endif::[]

//To add a headline feature, use AsciiDoc's description list: https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/description/
//Summary::
//Description
//+
//Optional second paragraph of description

ifdef::containerized[]
{Project} rejects HTTP requests with unrecognized host headers::

> {Project} now validates the HTTP `Host` header against the server's FQDN and any declared aliases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{Project} now validates the HTTP `Host` header against the FQDN of the server and any declared aliases.
```
